The robots produced by infallible Meteor
Tech that is popular all over the world
with an excellent security system are
apparently running amok in various
places. The international security
organization G.U.N is now investigating
the event. Apparently there have been no
official comments from...
[Sonic] Is this the meteor that fell last night?
[Tails] Yeah, it really surprised me when I was
sleeping.
I woke up and found this at the door.
(Knuckles yawns) We'll be at Megalo Station in no time
Knux!
TARGET DETECTED...
INITIATING DEFENSE MECHANISIMS NOW
[Knuckles] What?
[Tails] Whoa!
What do we do, Sonic?!
[Sonic] Get to that elevator!
[Knuckles] Why the heck are they chasing us?...
[Tails] Could those be the robots the news was
talking about earlier?
[Sonic] Look out! The door may open!
[Sonic] Brace yourself!
[Tails] Sonic!
[Sonic] Why am I not falling? Could this be the stone's power?!
All right! YAHOOOOO!
[Jet] Looks like there's nothing to worry about!
I got it!
[Wave] That's a shooting star! Interesting.
[Storm] Whatcha doing back there Wave?
[Wave] Ahem! I'm making a wish!
Isn't it said that if we make a wish
before the shooting star disappears it will come true?!
[Storm] Are you a kindergartner?!
It's such a kiddie thing! Right, boss?
What!
[Jet] Oh star, grant me the power to defeat that blue little pest!
Augghhhh!
Oh no! The trap!
Looks like my wish has come true!
[Wave] Got it, Master Jet. I'll show you the info!
[Jet] So, show it to me!
[Wave] Just as I guessed, this stone, called the Ark Of Cosmos, is an
engine unit for the Babylon Garden developed by our ancestors long ago.
[Jet] So it's an engine part, huh?!
[Wave] No, it's not just a part!
I can't say anything unless I study a
bit more about this structure,
but this stone's magnetic field converts
the mass energy of the planet and in doing so it...
[Jet] Aaah, cut to the chase! In short, what's this stone useful for.
[Wave] To put it simply, it converts
gravity into different energy and with
that power the Babylon Garden is capable
of warping to different areas. I'll research a little more.
[Jet] I see, so that
power was gravity that saved us.
[Wave] Oh, one more thing. According to the
ancient documents of Babylon, there are 5 Arks Of The Cosmos, and one of them
is the master unit. The other four are lead to
the master unit
and attract each other.
[Jet] I don't quite understand what this all
means, but if they're drawn to one
another we can make a detection radar
for them. Get to work right now!
[Wave] Understood...
[Storm] Boss!
[Jet] What's with all this noise!
[Storm] Boss, take a look at this!
[Newscaster] Repeat.
This morning, a Meteor Tech security robot
that was in charge of guarding the Megalo
City Museum, robbed the meteorite on
display and is currently on the run near
the Megalo Station City!
[Jet] That's the ark
of cosmos! Storm! Set the course for
megalo station at full throttle!
[Storm] Yes boss!
[Jet] So, I guess it's a wild goose chase, huh?
Again? Too easy!
Augh! Oh no!
[Wave] Master Jet!
[Storm] Boss!
[Amy] Fated lovers are always destined to be drawn together, silly!
[Sonic] Amy!
[Amy] Actually, I ran away from those robots that
were chasing after me! I was so scared!
[Tails] Amy, I think those robots were after that stone you had!
[Sonic] In order to solve this we
have to investigate in Meteor Tech's headquarters!
[Wave] We've already gathered the
information. So let's outrun them and go
before they can spot us.
[Jet] So, it's up to us to decide who's the
fastest one in the world! You won't be
holding the title for long!
[Knuckles] Sonic, we've got company!
[Sonic] Oh, yeah, let's go!
Yahoo!
Gotta go fast!
We need to plan our movements.
Wha?!
[Knuckles] Darn!
[Jet] Long time no see, Sonic The Hedgehog!
[Sonic] Jet?
[Wave] Long time no see, shorty.
[Tails] Wave!
[Storm] Time to settle the score from last time, jerk!
[Knuckles] Anytime loser, loser albatross.
[Jet] Cut it out, Storm! Hey girly!
Give me back the Ark Of The
Cosmos right now!
[Amy] what are you talking about?!
[Jet] Don't play dumb with me!
You took the Ark Of The Cosmos that we
obtained right out of our hands, loser!
[Sonic] Wait... girls hate stubborn men, Jet!
[Jet] I don't care. Today is the day we finally
see which one of us is the fastest thing
alive! Held by yours truly!
INTRUDERS DETECTED
[Tails] Sonic, it's too dangerous here, we have to leave right now!
[Sonic] The reunion party's gotta wait!
Jet, you stay here!
[Jet] Hey, I'm coming with you!
[Storm] Uh-oh. I can't let you pass unless you hand me that stone!
[Amy] I'm gonna lose sight of Sonic, you loser!
[Storm] Wait up!
[Jet] You can use it, too?
[Sonic] It's pretty handy, am I right?!
ENGAGING E.M ALGORITHIMS, MAXIMUM VALUE
ACCESSING MOTHER COMPUTER, MOTHER
COMPUTER ACCESS DENIED
[Eggman] Whyyyy!
Huh?
What's this racket? And now of all times?!
[Knuckles] Did something just fall there!
[Eggman] I'm not a ball!
[Sonic] Eggman!
What are you doing here!
[Eggman] What are you talking about, this is my
company! Muhahahaha!
[Sonic] Eggman!
So I guess you're the puppet master behind this scheme, huh?
[Eggman] Puppet Master? What are you talking about?!
[Sonic] I'm talking about the
global robot rampage!
[Eggman] Well, I've been having questions about that myself, but
my answers are secret!
[Knuckles] Tell us you belly!
[Eggman] Stop calling me that! Okay, I'll tell you,
since we've been friends for such a long time!
Even I don't know why they were rampaging that night.
But I do know that they have a leader.
[Sonic] So Eggman really doesn't know anything, then.
[Tails] Maybe since the robots were attacking Amy because of that ring,
this ring
might have something to do with the
rampage!
[Eggman] Where did you get that!
So you were hiding something all along
Egghead!
[Knuckles] Tell us everything you know, Eggman!
[Eggman] Oh fine, I'll tell you.
All of my robot's actions are controlled by the mother computer.
As the backbone of the
Meteor Tech network, it was
supposed to be the perfect computer.
However,
something went wrong with the external
remote control. It stopped working!
In reality the mother computer's power
unit uses the same stone that you have.
According to my analysis it appears that
the stone has the ability to convert
enormous mass energy into different
energy and to create a unique magnetic
field.
[Sonic] Huh?
[Eggman] Shut up and listen! I don't know why but it seems that the
leader robot has the stone with the same
power as that of the mother computer
inserted into it.
If my deductions are correct, the leader
robot is going around all over the world
causing the other robots to go out of
control so that they'll collect these
mysterious stones.
[Sonic] Why do they need these stones?
[Eggman] Even I don't know why.
[Jet] They're drawn to one another.
These aren't just ordinary rocks you'd
find at some playground. These rocks are
spoken of in the babylon clan as...
Hey, girly! Give me back the Ark Of The Cosmos!
[Tails] Where's Amy?
[Wave] Where's Storm?
[Storm] Hold on!
Wait for me!
[Amy] Geez, you're so stubborn, don't you
want to quit?
Fine, if you want this stupid stone so
bad.
Where in the world am I?
Thanks to you I got separated from Sonic
you idiot!
[Amy] Take responsibility and look for the
exit for me, got that?
[Storm] Yes.
[Amy] What's that sound?
[Storm] What?! This is it!
It's the same stone that I saw at Gigantech rocks!
Now I got two!
I have to report to Master Jet
immediately! Bye girl!
[Amy] Come back here! Oh for the love of...
[Jet] He's late... What is Storm doing?!!
[Storm] Excuse me, boss.
[Jet] You're late!
[Storm] But I brought a bundle!
[Jet] A fine job coming from you Storm! Not
half bad!
[Wave] Master Jet! [Jet] What is it?
[Wave] While I continued analyzing
ancient documents, I found this curious
description.
I'll decipher it so that it fits your
small intelligence level.
[Jet] Go ahead.
[Wave] At last we have reached our decision, we
will detach the engine units from the
ship,
for if we delay the whole engine may
eventually get consumed entirely by the
lightless black!
This is crucial, and we need to worry about this.
[Jet] The lightless black you say? What's that about?!
[Wave] Who knows? What do you think?
[Jet] Heck if I know!
Anyway we'll leave thinking about all
that stuff for later, right now we've got
Arks Of The Cosmos to retrieve.
Huh?
What... the....
HEYY!
Let's go full throttle near that dumbhead!
Full speed ahead!
[Sonic + Tails + Knuckles] Amy!
[Amy] Took you long enough!
[Tails] What could this be? [Amy] I don't know, but just when it
headed towards me at a really fast speed
it blew up all of a sudden. [Sonic] It blew up?!
[Tails] It charged towards you?
Could it be...
[Sonic] What's wrong Tails?
[Tails] Sorry, I haven't figured all this out yet.
[Knuckles] So where's that meathead, Storm?
[Amy] He took something out of this robot and
ran off somewhere.
[Knuckles] Shouldn't the robots stop rampaging
everywhere by now?
[Tails] It's not that simple, Knux.
If the incident started due to Eggman
inserting the stone into the mother
computer as a power source then I don't
think the rampage would stop unless we
get the stone out!
[Knuckles] So where's that?
[Amy] Ah... I remember Storm saying something
curious.
He said the thing he took out of the
robot was identical to the one he found
somewhere else... Um
where was it he said?
Gi-Gi-Gi-Giga, Gigante...
[Knuckles] Gigantech Rocks!
[Amy] Yeah, that giga thing!
[Sonic]You know it, Knuckles?
[Knuckles] It's a pretty famous ruin among us treasure hunters... or whatever...
There's a legend that
speaks of a wish-granting star being
sealed there somewhere...
[Tails] Legend of shooting stars...!
Sonic! Let's go to Gigantech rocks
right now!
We can find out more about those stones!
[Knuckles] Leave the directions to me!
But it's said that the star shard is
sleeping deep inside the ruins, so
getting it won't be easy. No one's ever
made it out alive or even there...
We'll be putting our lives on the line...
[Sonic] It's nothing new, don't worry!
Was there an earthquake here or
something?
[Knuckles] Ah! It's gone
[Sonic] What's wrong, Knux?
[Knuckles] According to the legend, the star shard
is supposed to be on this chalice but...
did it roll off somewhere?
[Sonic] Hey, Tails what's this painting?
[Tails] The divine wings...
A legendary bird that gods rode
to fly through heavens!
Knuckles, let's see if you can read the
epitaph.
[Knuckles] Okay...
The divine wings, straddler of stars, lost
their plumes to the lightless black and
fell to the surface...
The plumes became as stars and returned to
this land, we the Babylon clan.
[Sonic] Babylon?
[Knuckles] How are those stones and those guys
connected?
[Tails] We don't know yet...
but don't you think the stones the
robots are after could be the wing
plumes written here.
The divine wings, straddler of stars, in
other words could they be units that
control a spaceship or aircraft?
[Sonic] So then those divine wings are...
[Tails] That's right... the Babylon Garden.
[Eggman] Muhahahaha!
[Jet on aircraft] Come back here!
[Tails] Knuckles what did the rest of this
epitaph say?
[Knuckles] Uh, hold on
We the babylon clan will seal one of the
stars here,
and another into the down running great
hollow
until the day,
the divine wings are revived...
There's still more...
The great hollow, lying in the east among
the Earth, strained red by the dawn's light...
[Tails] That's where Eggman and Jet are headed!
The great hollow must be the crater
formed when the meteorite struck!
I got it! That must be where Eggman found
the plume!
Do we happen to know where the mother
computer is? It's highly possible that
it's somewhere here.
[Sonic] Let's catch up with
them so we can know more.
[Wave] Took you long enough you guys...
[Storm] Eggman's in there, and we've gotta race to
the finish!
[Sonic] So what's that loser's goal this time?
[Tails] He's probably planning to use the
stone's power to command every robot on
the globe at once from this facility.
There could be more to this...
[Jet] So, wanna race for revenge?
[Sonic] Sounds nice!
[Jet] Whoever wins will be the fastest creature on the Earth!
[Sonic] Wait for me!
[Wave] Hmm... this must be the master unit...
SYSTEM ERROR OCCURED, ALL COMMANDS HAVE
BEEN CANCELLED. ERROR, ERROR...
[Eggman] I've been planning to create Eggmanland
for so long and all of my plans have
been destroyed!
[Sonic] Accept defeat, Eggman!
[Knuckles] Is this a trap
again, what did you do you loser!
[Wave] It must have resonated with all five
units together and came down here on its own.
[Jet] So the legend was true, interesting...
[Sonic] Here ya go!
[Jet] OUR FIGHT ISN'T SETTLED YET, OUR FIGHT AIN'T DONE!
[Wave] We have our goal done, Master Jet, so let's hurry back to the Babylon Garden!
hmm
[Sonic] All right, we're gonna go home too
[Tails] Soni,c why do you think the ancestors of
the babylon clan sealed the unit into the
Gigantech rocks?
[Sonic] Who knows?
[Tails] Yeah, what was up with that?
(mentally) The lightless black that attacked the
divine wings...
the explosion of the robot that attacked
Amy...
We can't let those meteorites get near the Babylon Garden!
[Sonic] Why is it still functioning Eggman? You
told us it wasn't!
[Eggman] I don't know
[Sonic] What'd you say
[Eggman] I do know that some kind of strong
electromagnetic wave is being generated
nearby, possibly by the stone and also
what forcibly executed this program...
[Tails] Sonic! The Babylon clan was not able to
control the power of those meteorites!
[Sonic] What does that mean?
[Tails] I figured out how those stones can
change gravitational polarity!
It's a black hole!
The lightless black that attacked the
divine wings is a black hole produced by
the gravity, amplified by the meteorite's
power!
[Jet] What the!
[Sonic] What?
[all characters in unison] What's this?
[Tails] At this rate the entire planet will be
sucked into the black hole and end!- AAAH!
[Tails] Thanks Sonic!
[Eggman] The planet is doomed!
[Jet] Wave? how do we stop this thunderstorm?
[Wave] If we remove the engine room's core unit
that powers the Babylon garden's
mobility it's likely that this will stop!
[Sonic] We'll go on ahead
[Tails] Stay safe guys!
♪Straddler of stars, the divine wings
all of Babylon...♪
♪It's time to make a sacrifice, it's time
to move on♪
♪It's time to go out on adventures♪
♪There are endless possibilities in this universe♪
[Wave] What's wrong, Jet?
♪We've gotta move on, to get our groove on♪
[Jet] I's hard to ignore the charm of this
world, but there's so much more to do in
♪There's so much more in life than just one thing♪
life, more than just one thing,
besides...
♪Let's adventure!!!♪
[Babylon Crew in unison] Yeah!
[Amy] In the end, I wonder what those
meteorites really were...
[Tails] Those meteorites were programmed to be
able to gather the units on their own,
so after Eggman found the first meteorite
and inserted it into the mother computer,
the program was executed and caused
robots around the world to go out of
control... I may be wrong about that though...
[Sonic] Who made that program anyway?
[Tails] I have no idea...
it could be the Babylon ancestors,
or it could be something even more
mysterious...
Maybe it was a warning to humanity that
got involved with power beyond control.
[Knuckles] But about the Babylonian...
[Amy] I can't believe they were the descendants of aliens...
[Knuckles] HEY! You interrupted me!
[Amy] Long ago they crash-landed on this planet...
[Sonic] Wait for Amy, guys...
[Amy] So the engine units that they detached
at that moment
they were praying to the night skies for
the units to fall to the surface someday...
Every time a shooting star would fall...
[Sonic] I bet they were wishing to go back to their home planet...
[Amy] That must be why it became a custom to
wish upon the shooting stars...
[You-know-who] Sonic!
Thanks for watching! Also, you-know who was Jet!